c36 translation update (#121)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c36/20/5/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (CharaStudio) by KK_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//

> 「無駄に爽やかね。で、運動って何をする気なの？」=“You sure are pointlessly invigorating right now. So, what kind of exercise do you want to do?”
> 「おっ、という事は返事はＯＫ？」=“Oh--, does that mean you're up for it?”
> 「その返しでＮＯと言いたくなったけど、まぁいいわ。何をするか早く決めなさい」=“I actually did feel like refusing, but, well, whatever. Hurry up and decide what we're going to do.”

Author: ```suggestion
「無駄に爽やかね。で、運動って何をする気なの？」=“You sure are awfully cheerful. So, what kind of exercise do you want to do?”
「おっ、という事は返事はＯＫ？」=“Oh, can I take that as an OK?”
「その返しでＮＯと言いたくなったけど、まぁいいわ。何をするか早く決めなさい」=“I wanted to say no, but, well, whatever. Hurry up and decide what we're going to do.”
```
